dev-qt/qtwebkit widgets
x11-libs/libxcb xkb
dev-libs/libpcre pcre16
dev-qt/qtquickcontrols widgets
media-video/vlc -qt5
dev-libs/libattica -qt5
kde-base/kdelibs:4 -handbook
kde-base/kate:4 -handbook
kde-base/okular:4 -handbook
kde-base/katepart:4 -handbook
kde-base/gwenview:4 -handbook
kde-base/dolphin:4 -handbook
kde-base/kdm -handbook
kde-base/kdepasswd -handbook
kde-base/kdesu -handbook
x11-misc/lightdm qt4
media-libs/gd fontconfig
dev-util/cmake -qt4 qt5
x11-misc/sddm -qt4 -upower qt5
sys-auth/qauth -qt4 qt5
kde-frameworks/plasma -opengl
dev-vcs/subversion -kde
dev-qt/qtmultimedia -alsa
